# COCOA
COCOA Web3 App (Solana Utility Token)

Thank for Visit Us.

This is the initial repository for COCOA Token by StayGoldCrypto.com and CHOCONET (Web3 App).

Seed project to get financial founds for COCOA Farming Training for poor people and 
Real State Founding Related With COCOA Production Industry. 

Project Introduction
“CACAO - INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION FOR FOOD FREEDOM”
Source
Name COCOA is generated by the following reasons:
1. It is the basis of chocolate that is known worldwide.
2. It is a raw material that was used in the Mayan empire as currency.
3. The logo is a representation of the symbol of the holy drink Maya in Techum Language :
K'akaw' (Cacao in Spanish, COCOA in English).
4. External Cultural Note: The word Chocolate originates from the Mayan word Chocol'ja
“drinking chocolat together” were adapted centuries later by the Aztecs. Our ancestors the
Mayans believed that the Ka'kaw' made by Ajaw on a mountain that also had other delicacies
used by the Mayans.

Objectives
1. Create a community that enjoys both investing and sharing its profits ensuring the nutrition of
children both locally and internationally.
Create a network called CHOCONET that allowsthe technological infrastructure, transparency
and management of resources, profits and donations, through mainly private financing, and that
provides an excellent user experience such as chocolate gives to the planet, with the philosophy
of giving and generate a profitable financial environment that protects the mas helpless in the
alimentary sense.
Do with the support of the community that the COCOA be in the future a stable currency and
that allows the exchange with the main official currencies like EUR, USD, GBP to give profit to
their holders, the stability of the currency will be equivalent to the value of the MXN (Mexican
Peso) currency.

2. Also to create the CHOCONET Network It will allow a friendlier interface for non-technical
users within the SOLANA network.
The first exchange programmed that will accept the token will be SOL (main currency of the
SOLANA network)directly and by exchange companies BTC and ETH.

For mor info please read our:
Whitepaper Project: https://staygoldcrypto.com/tokens/COCOA/COCOA-CHOCONET-White-paper.en.pdf

Please Comeback soon for News or Visit Us On: https://staygoldcrypto.com/tokens/COCOA

Any feedback or founding are welcome.

Regards.
